README.md, before:

# puppet-module-singularity

[![Puppet Forge](http://img.shields.io/puppetforge/v/treydock/singularity.svg)](https://forge.puppetlabs.com/treydock/singularity)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/treydock/puppet-module-singularity.png)](https://travis-ci.org/treydock/puppet-module-singularity)

#### Table of Contents

1. [Overview](#overview)
2. [Usage - Configuration options](#usage)
3. [Reference - Parameter and detailed reference to all options](#reference)
4. [Limitations - OS compatibility, etc.](#limitations)
5. [Development - Guide for contributing to the module](#development)
6. [TODO](#todo)
7. [Additional Information](#additional-information)

## Overview

This module manages the singularity package installation and configuration of singularity.conf.

## Usage

### singularity

Install and configure singularity:

    class { 'singularity': }

## Reference

### Classes

#### Public classes

* `singularity`: Installs and configures singularity.

#### Private classes

* `singularity::install`: Installs singularity packages.
* `singularity::config`: Configures singularity.
* `singularity::params`: Sets parameter defaults based on fact values.

### Parameters

#### singularity

Below are parameter defaults in Hiera format:
```yaml
singularity::package_ensure: present
singularity::package_name: singularity
singularity::manage_epel: true
singularity::config_path: /etc/singularity/singularity.conf
singularity::config_template: singularity/singularity.conf.erb
singularity::allow_setuid: 'yes'
singularity::max_loop_devices: 256
singularity::allow_pid_ns: 'yes'
singularity::config_passwd: 'yes'
singularity::config_group: 'yes'
singularity::config_resolv_conf: 'yes'
singularity::mount_proc: 'yes'
singularity::mount_sys: 'yes'
singularity::mount_dev: 'yes'
singularity::mount_devpts: 'yes'
singularity::mount_home: 'yes'
singularity::mount_tmp: 'yes'
singularity::mount_hostfs: 'no'
singularity::bind_paths:
  - /etc/localtime
  - /etc/hosts
singularity::user_bind_control: 'yes'
singularity::enable_overlay: 'try'
singularity::enable_underlay: 'try'
singularity::mount_slave: 'yes'
singularity::sessiondir_max_size: 16
#singularity::limit_container_owners: undef
#singularity::limit_container_groups: undef
#singularity::limit_container_paths: undef
singularity::allow_containers:
  squashfs: 'yes'
  extfs: 'yes'
  dir: 'yes'
#singularity::autofs_bug_paths: undef
singularity::memory_fs_type: tmpfs
singularity::always_use_nv: no
```

##### `package_ensure`

Package ensure parameter, defaults to `present`

##### `package_name`

Package name, defaults to `singularity`

##### `manage_epel`

Determines whether to include EPEL class before installing singularity.  Defaults to `true`


## Limitations

This module has been tested on:

* CentOS 6 x86_64
* CentOS 7 x86_64

## Development

### Testing

Testing requires the following dependencies:

* rake
* bundler

Install gem dependencies

    bundle install

Run unit tests

    bundle exec rake test

If you have Vagrant >= 1.2.0 installed you can run system tests

    bundle exec rake beaker

## TODO

## Further Information

*

Commit message:

Add support for Puppet 6 and drop support for Puppet 4

README.md, after:

# puppet-module-singularity

[![Puppet Forge](http://img.shields.io/puppetforge/v/treydock/singularity.svg)](https://forge.puppetlabs.com/treydock/singularity)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/treydock/puppet-module-singularity.png)](https://travis-ci.org/treydock/puppet-module-singularity)

#### Table of Contents

1. [Overview](#overview)
2. [Usage - Configuration options](#usage)
3. [Reference - Parameter and detailed reference to all options](#reference)
4. [Limitations - OS compatibility, etc.](#limitations)
5. [Development - Guide for contributing to the module](#development)
6. [TODO](#todo)
7. [Additional Information](#additional-information)

## Overview

This module manages the singularity package installation and configuration of singularity.conf.

**NOTE:** The `puppetlabs/yumrepo_core` Puppet module is a soft dependency if using Puppet >= 6.0.0.

## Usage

### singularity

Install and configure singularity:

    class { 'singularity': }

## Reference

### Classes

#### Public classes

* `singularity`: Installs and configures singularity.

#### Private classes

* `singularity::install`: Installs singularity packages.
* `singularity::config`: Configures singularity.
* `singularity::params`: Sets parameter defaults based on fact values.

### Parameters

#### singularity

Below are parameter defaults in Hiera format:
```yaml
singularity::package_ensure: present
singularity::package_name: singularity
singularity::manage_epel: true
singularity::config_path: /etc/singularity/singularity.conf
singularity::config_template: singularity/singularity.conf.erb
singularity::allow_setuid: 'yes'
singularity::max_loop_devices: 256
singularity::allow_pid_ns: 'yes'
singularity::config_passwd: 'yes'
singularity::config_group: 'yes'
singularity::config_resolv_conf: 'yes'
singularity::mount_proc: 'yes'
singularity::mount_sys: 'yes'
singularity::mount_dev: 'yes'
singularity::mount_devpts: 'yes'
singularity::mount_home: 'yes'
singularity::mount_tmp: 'yes'
singularity::mount_hostfs: 'no'
singularity::bind_paths:
  - /etc/localtime
  - /etc/hosts
singularity::user_bind_control: 'yes'
singularity::enable_overlay: 'try'
singularity::enable_underlay: 'try'
singularity::mount_slave: 'yes'
singularity::sessiondir_max_size: 16
#singularity::limit_container_owners: undef
#singularity::limit_container_groups: undef
#singularity::limit_container_paths: undef
singularity::allow_containers:
  squashfs: 'yes'
  extfs: 'yes'
  dir: 'yes'
#singularity::autofs_bug_paths: undef
singularity::memory_fs_type: tmpfs
singularity::always_use_nv: no
```

##### `package_ensure`

Package ensure parameter, defaults to `present`

##### `package_name`

Package name, defaults to `singularity`

##### `manage_epel`

Determines whether to include EPEL class before installing singularity.  Defaults to `true`


## Limitations

This module has been tested on:

* CentOS 6 x86_64
* CentOS 7 x86_64

## Development

### Testing

Testing requires the following dependencies:

* rake
* bundler

Install gem dependencies

    bundle install

Run unit tests

    bundle exec rake test

If you have Vagrant >= 1.2.0 installed you can run system tests

    bundle exec rake beaker

## TODO

## Further Information

*
